Docs 3398: Readme formatting (#2269)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/pay-after-delivery.md

5. Enter a comment about what happened with the order, and click **Complete**.  
    The total amount of the transaction is deducted from your account balance. 

> **Note:** Once the <<glossary:transaction status>> changes to **Completed**, the **Complete own funds** button is hidden. You must process a [full refund](/refunds/) instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Once the <<glossary:transaction status>> changes to **Completed**, the **Complete own funds** button is hidden. You must process a [full refund](/docs/refund-payments/) instead. 

```
